# trafficboardfinemanagement
Traffic board fine management web application using nodejs,javascript,expressjs and mongodb
Nowadays road traffic has become real problem in one-tier and two-tier cities. There are several ways to make travelling safe and one is through the Traffic Police. Responsibility of the traffic Police regarding traffic management includes directing traffic, enforcing traffic rules and regulations and penalizing the driver in case of violating traffic rules. Another way of enforcing traffic discipline is frequent conduction of awareness program, from the Department of Traffic Police, based on the offence data collected. But the existing system do not have centralized repository for storing the penalized data, so this project work is an attempt to develop anweb application which will help the traffic police to record the penalty information in the centralized repository. Application to be developed will also consist of analysis part of traffic offences based on which higher authorities can take necessary measures regarding traffic discipline.
In recent years, the quantity of motor vehicles increases rapidly and the burden of the management of the road traffic are increasingly heavy. There are several ways to make travelling safe and one is through the Traffic Police. Responsibility of the traffic Police regarding traffic management includes enforcing traffic rules and regulations and penalizing the driver in case of violating traffic rules. In today's information-rich society, everything is becoming smart. This project shows the design and development of smart traffic offence analysis tool with e-payment.
Traffic rules violation is harmful for the government and public and also for an individual ,the accidents and deaths of an individuals are increasing day by day due to this traffic rules violations only. So we designed a system in which traffic rules violators must be punished under the law by using the support of the technology. The Government or admins must be more intelligent than its citizens to use this system A Governments role may be perceived to be facilitative, supportive and  developmental for the citizens community in general. It is specifically designed to support the citizens to pay the fine effectively through the online so that the corruptions of the traffic polices may decrease and to support the cashless payment The primary objective is to enable constructive and positive interaction, guidance and help for the citizens of the country for cashless payment.
